Disabled state patterns Doc (#2083)
hashicorp/design-system: website/docs/patterns/disabled-patterns/partials/accessibility.md

The `disabled` attribute is only valid for these HTML elements, referred to as form controls:

- `<button>`
- `<fieldset>`
- `<optgroup>`
- `<option>`
- `<select>`
- `<textarea>`
- `<input>`

> In terms of accessibility, however, a form control with the `disabled` attribute is problematic. If a form control has the `disabled` attribute, it's not available to users with assistive technology. It's as though the element does not exist in the DOM at all.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
From an accessibility perspective, however, using the `disabled` attribute on a form control can cause issues. This attribute makes the control inaccessible to assistive technology users, essentially making it seem like the element doesn't exist on the webpage.
```

> When presenting a non-editable field, consider using the `readonly` attribute instead of the `disabled` attribute. This will provide the correct information to all users, but they won't be able to interact with it.

Reviewer 2: Not all the controls mentioned above [support](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/HTML/Attributes/readonly#overview) the `readonly` attribute. Should we clarify this?

Reviewer: +1

Reviewer 3: Maybe we should say...

```suggestion
When presenting a non-editable field, consider using the `readonly` attribute where applicable instead of the `disabled` attribute. This will provide the correct information to all users, but they won't be able to interact with it.
```

> When presenting a non-editable field, consider using the `readonly` attribute instead of the `disabled` attribute. This will provide the correct information to all users, but they won't be able to interact with it.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To make a field non-editable, consider making it `readonly` vs. setting it as `disabled`. This will allow all users to access the information while preventing them from interacting with it.
```

> If it's text that will eventually be a link (think, download link), then it should be text until it is valid to become a link (that's why the `disabled` attribute is not valid for `<a>` elements!). This can be accomplished with use of [conditionals](https://guides.emberjs.com/release/components/conditional-content/) in Ember.

Reviewer: This part is a little awkward and seems unclear to me.

Reviewer 2: Agree with Kristin. Plus the suggestion to use conditionals in Ember seems really redundant to me.

> If it's text that will eventually be a link (think, download link), then it should be text until it is valid to become a link (that's why the `disabled` attribute is not valid for `<a>` elements!). This can be accomplished with use of [conditionals](https://guides.emberjs.com/release/components/conditional-content/) in Ember.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Disabling a link isn't actually possible as a link is not a form control. To simulate a disabled link though, you can use [conditionals](https://guides.emberjs.com/release/components/conditional-content/) in Ember to display it as plain text until it is "enabled".
```

How about something more like the above?

## Applicable WCAG Success Criteria

> The following Web Content Accessibility Guidelines (WCAG) may be relevant when considering the use of the `disabled` attribute:

Reviewer: "may be" sounds wishy washy...

How about something like:
"Consult the following Web Content Accessibility Guidelines (WCAG) when considering using the `disabled` attribute:"

Reviewer 3: I like this, will be editing because Melanie is OOO.

The `disabled` attribute in HTML is only valid for these form controls:

- `<button>`
- `<fieldset>`
- `<optgroup>`
- `<option>`
- `<select>`
- `<textarea>`
- `<input>`

In terms of accessibility, however, a form control with the `disabled` attribute is problematic. If a form control has the `disabled` attribute, it's not available to users with assistive technology. It's as though the element does not exist in the DOM at all.

> If you wish to present the user with the form they have just filled out, use the `readonly` attribute instead. This will allow the user to receive the correct information about the form they have just filled out, but they won't be able to interact with it.

Reviewer 4: **polish (non-blocking):** Showing the user a form they just filled out is only one reason why someone may need to display a non-editable field, so I tried to make this more general. 
```suggestion
When presenting a non-editable field, consider using the `readonly` attribute instead of the `disabled` attribute. This will provide the correct information to all users, but they won't be able to interact with it. 
```

> The following Web Content Accessibility Guidelines (WCAG) may be relevant when considering the use of the `disabled` attribute:

Reviewer 4: **todo:**
```suggestion
## Applicable WCAG Success Criteria

The following Web Content Accessibility Guidelines (WCAG) may be relevant when considering the use of the `disabled` attribute:
```

> - Principle 1: Perceivable. Information and user interface components must be presentable to users in ways the can perceive.

Reviewer 4: +1. That means the links would also be present, which could be helpful for consumers.

> - Principle 1: Perceivable. Information and user interface components must be presentable to users in ways the can perceive.

Reviewer 3: @MelSumner (pinging for visibility)

> - Principle 1: Perceivable. Information and user interface components must be presentable to users in ways the can perceive.

Reviewer 5: I'll update this; I typed it out manually while writing the doc.

> - Principle 1: Perceivable. Information and user interface components must be presentable to users in ways the can perceive.

Reviewer 3: Resolving because this was updated to link them.
